{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1331\cocoasubrtf120
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Dom}
{\*\copyright \'a9 2014+}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 everything randomly generated\
universe randomly generated as you go\
different universe biomes -> different sectors or areas\
randomly created quests as you progress through the universe\
a sim in simlar style to FTL\
turn-based/live action - psudeo\
lua interface to mod\
real space pictures but pixelized slightly\
 in Photoshop do cryallize (5) under render>pixellate\
\
items are read from .lua files -> so modding is simply data in lua files\
\
set up dropbox to manage source\
\
ask calum if he wants to help -> give him Cpp module 1 & 2 + lazyfoo tutorials on SDL2\
\
game ideas:\
\
Ship starts off small and crappy -> gets better upgrades as u go along (different starting races off)\
music -> 12 main things -> 6 diff for battle and 6 for exploring space maybe some more for other things?\
\
game plot: \'93Your an outlaw, escaped from prison for a crime you that you didn\'92t commit. You flee in an abandoned shuttle to explore the depths of the universe. Maybe some will join you as a crew, with you as their captain.\'94\
\
races:\
\
humans\
\
\
\
options menu:\
\
reads values from options.dat or maybe something else?\
values are modified by options menu (or just open the .txt with options)\
then they are loaded into the game from the .txt\
\
\
make a song for the credits that conveys infinite sadness, but a note of hope and continuation at the end.\
\
intro song needs to be deep and mysterious.\
\
\
for startled, render a tiny star texture at each point (0,0) to (128,720) and only render if its randomly generated with a 1 in 10 chance. will need to use a for loop - nested and a render command. animation can come later.\
\
\
dynamically create destroy enemy and players -> brush up on that shit. also brush up on static shit. continue learning C++. read shit from xml shizbangdoodeedah (more for random generators) different fade qualities\
\
for the world, have a \'93sector map\'94 that shows a grid of sectors. each area is black (blank) until you explore it, then the details are filled in.\
\
whole world would be :\
int sector[100][100]; so an array 100x100 sectors that allows you to explore it fully. each sector is randomly generated. (will need to map this out manually for better viewing)\
\
get boost \'93foreach\'94 code\'85mehbeh\'85\
\
\
\
\
\
}